[Music]
so here's a hint that might keep you out
of trouble if you see a plastic bottle
on your tire
you're in danger over four billion
dollars that's the total value of all
the cars that get stolen in the US every
single year just think about it I'd have
more than seven hundred twenty thousand
vehicles stolen every year only 15
percent are ever recovered now you might
be thinking who thank goodness my car is
too old and cheap for anyone to want to
steal it yeah well think again
thieves are just as interested in old
clunkers because they can strip them for
parts or use them as a getaway vehicle
after they've committed some other crime
and stealing cars is only becoming that
much easier thanks to a new trick car
thieves are using these days so you're
feeling a little more nervous now before
we tell you what to look for take this
moment to hit that red subscribe button
and turn on the little notification bell
this way you'll always be in the know
when something new comes out on the
bright side of life
all right so about this new ploy that's
making car theft they'll walk in the
park if you're already assuming that
it's based on super advanced
technologies and gadgets you'd be
mistaken all criminals need nowadays is
an empty plastic bottle the trick goes
like this
first of all thieves find a car they
like in a parking lot after that they
place an empty plastic bottle on the
front or rear passenger tire this side
is further from the driver so chances
are you won't see the bottle when you
get in your car you start the ignition
and just as you're rolling out of your
parking spot you hear some weird
crinkling sound that of course would be
the bottle getting all smashed up by
your tire but remember you have no idea
it's there you act on instinct and get
out of the car to see where the noise
is coming from surely a car owner who's
worried that something's wrong with
their vehicle isn't gonna be cautious
enough to turn the engine off and lock
the door to go have a quick look-see at
what's going on with her tire and that's
the opportunity thieves are waiting for
they can now do one of two things either
steal the car or grab all the valuables
inside and run off either way
the car owner will suffer the first
cases of car jackers using this strategy
were reported in Limpopo South Africa on
February 2nd 2018 CB Security Northwest
a South African private security company
posted a warning on their Facebook page
about car thefts being committed with
the help of a plastic bottle their post
got a quarter of a million shares in
just over a week at the same time the
website of the South African Police
Service doesn't mention anything even
remotely similar to these crimes
involving plastic bottles
what's more the guidelines issued by the
u.s. Department of State which is
partially responsible for protecting
Americans abroad don't say anything
about any plastic bottle ploys being
used by car thieves either another wave
of car thefts committed this way swept
through Mexico - this happened after a
man uploaded a YouTube video in which he
warned viewers about this new trick he
showed how car thieves were carrying out
this crime and asked everyone watching
his video to spread this information to
protect as many people as possible well
whatever his intentions might have been
criminals took his video for a how-to
manual and it managed to get six million
views
who knows where dishonest people will
use this dangerous new knowledge next
and even if this technique hasn't
reached your town yet you can't be 100%
sure that tomorrow somebody won't stick
a plastic bottle on top of your car tire
that's why it's always better to be
forewarned and take preventative
measures to protect yourself for example
why not walk around your car and briefly
examine it before every Drive it takes
mere seconds and you'll be sure that you
haven't been picked as some car thief's
next victim not only that there are tons
of other ways you can protect yourself
and your car from thieves let's have a
look at the most effective ones number
one take your steering wheel with you
when you leave the car that's right just
rip it off actually you can install a
quick-release steering wheel so that you
can take it with you whenever you leave
your car now this method may seem a bit
odd and flat-out embarrassing I mean
imagine yourself walking around a store
with a steering wheel in your hand hey
buddy you missing something but it is
one of the most effective things you can
do a car thief won't be able to drive
away in your vehicle if it's missing one
of the most important parts number two
buy a car with a manual transmission
lots of people have no idea how to drive
a stick-shift
it that thumbs up button if you're one
of them so there have been numerous
reports from would-be victims explaining
how thieves often run away in
embarrassment after failing to drive
away in a manual for example two armed
criminals came up to the window of a car
in st. Petersburg Florida and ordered
the couple inside to get out of their
2007 Nissan after the couple complied
the car thieves hopped in the car and
found out that it had a stick shift the
carjackers had nothing to do but flee
the crime scene Wow and the dumbest
criminal award goes to whoever those
dorks were number three keep the
windshield clear believe it or not
thieves can tell if a car is worth
breaking into just by checking out the
windshield before you leave your car you
should always remove any wiring you may
have suction marks from a TomTom salve
gnat or any other personal navigator and
things of the like when car jackers see
these leftover hints it indicates to
them that there are valuables in the car
number four keep your car clean and tidy
[Music]
surprisingly having a tidy car can
effectively fend off thieves the state
your car is in let's criminals know if
you take it and its security very
seriously if there's a bunch of random
stuff lying around in your vehicle
thieves will assume that you're
unorganized and you might really be this
means that chances are you've probably
left something valuable in your car
without even realizing it number five
take a look around before you leave your
car alone take a look around
don't try to be discreet about it either
it's even better if it's obvious that
you're being cautious if any potential
criminals are watching you in your car
at this moment they'll see that your
security conscious and aware of your
surroundings this will most likely
discourage them from committing the
crime hey you might also pull out a
baseball bat from the trunk and swing it
viciously like Mike Trout hitting home
runs a few times before putting it away
yeah
just saying number six make sure your
car faces your house if you're the type
that likes to back into your driveway
you might want to stop doing that sure
it makes it that much easier and faster
to pull out in the morning and head to
work or school but what you might not
realize is that it also makes it easier
for car thieves to take your car away so
just pull in so that your car faces your
house you really don't save that much
time in the morning by backing in any
way make sure to lock the wheels -
number seven lets your car's
identification number on each window
[Music]
this will help if thieves are
considering stealing your car to sell it
later if you have your VIN edged on
every window replacing all the glass
won't be worth all the hassle for these
criminals number eight use a tire lock
now you've probably seen police slap a
boot on a car for illegal parking but
you might not know that you can get a
hold of a tire lock yourself - and use
it to prevent car theft that is if your
trunk is big enough to accommodate it
now it's probably not worth it if you're
just running in to the grocery store for
a loaf of bread but it is the perfect
solution for extended periods of time
number nine use a baby monitor boy
everybody's stealing cars these days
that two-year-old over there is looking
over my Fiat nope it's okay
he just wants to drool on it alright
back to the baby monitor yes you can
actually repurpose the device and use it
as a practical witty and effective
anti-theft device many monitors have
night vision mode and audio what's more
you can opt for a wireless model this
will allow you to leave the monitor in
your car and have live feedback of
what's going on in your vehicle when
thieves see a camera in a car they'll
refrain from breaking into it ninety
percent of the time as for the remaining
ten percent well you'll have footage
that might help you get your baby back
well hit that like button if you are
extra careful with your car and do
anything to keep it safe in fact let us
know in the comments below any
techniques you use to protect your
vehicle be sure to share this video with
all your car owning friends and we'll
see you next time on the bright side of
life
you